# Predicting Protein-Ligand Binding Affinity With Graph Neural Networks and Meta-Learning
Project Authors: Sarvesh Ramiya, Rafael Prado Basto, MD Ahsanur Rashid.
Project is a part of Stanford CS 224w Coursework.
Blog post Draft Link: https://medium.com/@ramiyasarvesh/63409f4da7ba

# What does this Repository contain?
This Code repository contains implementation for 4 Models:
1. Dynaformer - (Graph Transformer inspired by Graphformer)
2. GraphLambda - (Combination of GCN, GIN and GAT)
3. Fusion of GraphLmabda and Dynaformer.
4. Meta-Learning 

Links to the papers for the above models:
Dynaformer Paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.10230

GraphLambda Paper: https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jcim.3c00771

# Codebase Structure
The outermost CS224W_Final_Project directory contains the scripts that can be used to run any of the 4 models.

The models/ directory inside CS224W_Final_Project/ contains the implementation for all the above mentioned models. Dynaformer makes use of dynaformer_layers.py and dynaformer_layers.py, GraphLambda makes use of graphLambda_model.py, and fused model makes use of fused_model.py.

The logs/ and model_checkpoints/ directories contain files that are generated during the running of our scripts. This is auto-generated.

# Dataset
We made use of the Dataset generated by the dynaformer authors. For following a similar process, Please download the required dataset first and move it to the CS224W_final_project directory. The authors were kind enough to make it publicly available at https://onedrive.live.com/?authkey=%21AAer%2DoCJ6Kj%5FzrM&id=7C358E1E6AF36B1F%214900&cid=7C358E1E6AF36B1F

Our code by default uses the md-refined2019-5-5-5_test.pkl and refined-set-2020-5-5-5_train_val.pkl datasets.

With the dataset and all python dependencies downloaded, Please run any one of the following commands:

- python3 train_dynaformer.py
- python3 train_graphLambda.py
- python3 train_fused.py

# Notes
Please ensure all filedirectories are correct and all dependencies are installed before running the scripts :)
